# Meeting Notes – October 16, 2025  

**Participants:** Gurcan, Dogukan, Ipek, Oguzhan, Gulseren  

---

## Discussion Points  
- Next meeting scheduled for **Thursday at 21:30**. By then, the first draft of the website framework should be ready.
- Backend features are ready to use. API documentation will be provided for the frontend team.
- Order Cards page will send the order request information to our email adress.
- CRM Page: Animation 
- Oguzhan will provide the website content.
- The website will be mobile-friendly.
- The website must emphasize that we are a Canadian company (e.g., “Made in Canada,” Canadian address, etc.).
- HTTPS issue will be resolved by Gulseren. 

## Card Features
	•	Gold Cards: VCF information will be written to the card. When scanned by a phone, the contact details will appear and can be saved directly to the phone’s address book (frontend)
	•	Plastic Cards: add a URL link. When scanned, our web page and animation will be played (in the future, If information was pre-written on the card, scanning will show that data. If the user is logged in, they will also be able to update it)

## For Future Development:
- mobile app
- User Management System will be included in the software
- research how digital card payments are managed in Canada and which systems are commonly used.  

---

## Conferences 
- [Cityscape Global](https://cityscapeglobal.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=paid-digital&utm_campaign=aec25sa…)  
- [Discover Tectoria 2025](https://members.viatec.ca/event-calendar/Details/discover-tectoria-2025-1443541?sourceTypeId=Website)


